.TH FLNK 1 "July 2025" "flnk 0.1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
flnk \- create hard or symbolic links to one or more files
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B flnk
[\fIOPTIONS\fR] \fITARGET\fR... [\fIDIRECTORY\fR]
.br
.B flnk
[\fIOPTIONS\fR] \fITARGET\fR [\fILINK_NAME\fR]
.br
.B flnk
\fB-u\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBflnk\fR creates hard or symbolic links between files, with additional features like backup, verbosity, and UI mode.

By default, it creates hard links. Use \fB-s\fR to create symbolic links instead.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-s\fR, \fB--symbolic\fR
Make symbolic links instead of hard links.
.TP
\fB-f\fR, \fB--force\fR
Remove existing destination files before linking.
.TP
\fB-b\fR
Make a backup of each existing destination file.
.TP
\fB-r\fR, \fB--relative\fR
With \fB-s\fR, create links relative to the link location.
.TP
\fB-v\fR, \fB--verbose\fR
Print the name of each file as it's linked.
.TP
\fB-t\fR \fIDIRECTORY\fR
Specify the directory in which to create links.
.TP
\fB-S\fR \fISUFFIX\fR
Override the default backup suffix (default is \fB~\fR).
.TP
\fB-u\fR
Run in UI mode. This disables the required positional arguments and launches the application in an interactive mode.
.TP
\fITARGET\fR...
One or more source files to link from. At least one required unless \fB-u\fR is used.

.SH USAGE
.TP
Link a file into a directory:
.B flnk foo.txt /some/dir
.TP
Create symbolic links:
.B flnk -s foo.txt bar.txt
.TP
Link multiple files into a directory with verbosity:
.B flnk -v file1 file2 file3 /dest/dir
.TP
Use UI mode:
.B flnk -u

.SH EXIT STATUS
Returns 0 on success. Returns non-zero if any linking operation fails.

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Brannen Hall.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR ln (1),
